so we have a nose at the moment that ben
says do you know what I think you're gay
I think you're a gay man because this is
so powerful I think I think this is
brilliant
I'm sorry that you got pulled over and
that you had to spend some time in the
cop house I promise it won't happen to
you again okay and you give him my money
back
mmm that's gonna be a no I hate Ben
Mitchell
I don't like Ben III am angry at been a
lot of the time I find that his
decisions and the choices he makes
infuriating but I understand him and I
think there's a very very fine line
between the two in that moment he was
looking at himself yeah he was seeing he
was seeing elements of Callum's disguise
and he's he's seen it all before
and I think he definitely thinks the
Callum's company is behind he wants to
be able to allow Calum to not go through
what Ben went through and keep it hidden
for too much longer I bet you love the
army now am ia same as me in prison all
damn hot he's having communal showers
all that pent-up testosterone I bet you
is very popular where ever you see this
inner turmoil and he's wrestling with
accepting who he truly is yeah and I
can't imagine how many lads have been
through that you know that's the the
beauty of playing a partner is that
there's so many people are as short of
life this is my story
do you know I mean and and that is
important and when you carry that that
way to to play that is really you know a
joy
want these stories you want that chance
to do that sort of stuff stuff in
someone else's shoes
um this is very strong indeed you have a
look at the kiss oh yeah do you mind
watching yourselves back da da can
always learn ain't no UniFirst Politis
school shout out are my dad died in
prison beaten by two boys that cake
pulled to death people like me it's what
people like you do I love that moment
though with a sound sort of cuts there
and and it just you say that and and it
just yeah you watch that back and you go
I'm proud of that really bad that and
there's a couple of seconds where you're
not saying anything you know doing
anything hmm you just sort of staring at
each other best things in kind of any
scene like that is the things that are
answered not what said I've got flat
I've got girl I've got everything
why do I feel which so lonely I unsold
messages and lovely like stories of
people being like either this has helped
them to come out and accept who they are
or you know they saw an element of their
past in that and I thought what a lovely
things to be able to sort of go yeah I'm
I'm glad I've done that justice and now
thereof I can't stop I hear that beard
rash was a bit of an issue yeah he's
very thick facially Oh late night it's
freezing cold and we we were kissing for
about three hours yeah just sort of that
just after a while you just sort of
become will this ever end
is this just that's there are we gonna
be tomorrow morning massively that is a
huge moment you know and I think what
makes you lovely as well is the fact
that it's two boys from from broken
homes who are just you know just
everyday lads etc and they found each
other that's that's a beautiful thing
the precious reaction public's reaction
generally speaking pretty positive yeah
I feel malum fanpages most of them but
yeah yeah I thought you said all that
I'm not here I can't get another one
yeah weird Lila should we live we're
very we're very lucky there then it went
down so well and that he still does
you
[Music]